# April 30, 1962

---

## Contemporaneous (1962)

No contemporaneous hits.

---

## Retrospective

### Agency unknown

#### 124-10238-10329_multirif
**Agency unknown** · Document dated October 21, 2000 · Source: [124-10238-10329_multirif.md](<https://github.com/doctly/jfk/blob/main/jfk_files_md/124/124-10238-10329_multirif.md>)

Excerpt (+/-300 characters around match):

> er", stated that the CP is now in the process of placing members of the Party in key positions in the SCLC. BASSETT continued by saying that a Western Conference of the Christian Leadership is now being formed and a CP member is the leader in this conference.
>
> (NY 694-S*) advised on 5/1/62, that on 4/30/62, (ISADORE WOFSY, CP, USA fund functionary, said that according to LEM HARRIS, he was told by STANLEY LEVISON that the CP, USA had sent "an experienced, professional, secret organizer" to New Orleans, who would assist the MARTIN LUTHER KING group there in its fight for political equality of Negroes.

#### 124-10238-10333_multirif
**Agency unknown** · Document dated October 22, 2000 · Source: [124-10238-10333_multirif.md](<https://github.com/doctly/jfk/blob/main/jfk_files_md/124/124-10238-10333_multirif.md>)

Excerpt (+/-300 characters around match):

> er", stated that the CP is now in the process of placing members of the Party in key positions in the SCLC. BASSETT continued by saying that a Western Conference of the Christian Leadership is now being formed and a CP member is the leader in this conference.
>
> (NY 694-S*) advised on 5/1/62, that on 4/30/62, (ISADORE WOFSY, CP, USA fund functionary, said that according to LEM HARRIS, he was told by STANLEY LEVISON that the CP, USA had sent "an experienced, professional, secret organizer" to New Orleans, who would assist the MARTIN LUTHER KING group there in its fight for political equality of Negroes.

---

## Document Date Unknown

#### 104-10215-10099
**CIA** · Document dated September 10, 1957 · Source: [104-10215-10099.md](<https://github.com/doctly/jfk/blob/main/jfk_files_md/104-102/104-10215-10099.md>)

Excerpt (+/-300 characters around match):

> ORITY
>
> SIGNATURE
>
> DATE
>
> J. C. King, Chief, WH Division
>
> 19 Jan. 62
>
> SECRET
>
>
> -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 65
>
> SECRET
>
> 1. It is requested that the LIEDCS Project be terminated effective 1 January 1962. The present project will not expire until 30 April 1962.
>
> 2. Effective I January 1962 all expenses and obligations under this Project will be picked up by WH/4, allotsent #2335-5452-1000. This bas bean coordinated with WE/4/Personnel, Mr. Joul.
>
> 3. Harold B. NOEMAYR (p), Career Agent, was transferred PCS to WAVE on 20 October 1961. WH/4 anticipates an i

#### 104-10163-10140
**CIA** · Document date not identified · Source: [104-10163-10140.md](<https://github.com/doctly/jfk/blob/main/jfk_files_md/104-101/104-10163-10140.md>)

Excerpt (+/-300 characters around match):

> Orlando de CARDENAS was a member of the PRD Delegation in Mexico in December 1960. In 1962 one Orlando de CARDENAS Miro attended a meeting in Mexico to discuss the formation of a new Cuban-Mexican anti-Castro organization, where he was named the Provisional Treasurer of the organisation (DBA 8997, 30 April 1962).
>
>
> -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Page 13
>
> Att. No. 17 to UFGA-21693
> UFGA- 21693/14
> SUBJECT: CARRASCO, Irma
>
> 1. Source met Subject in 1962 when Subject was residing in an Apartment building located in Marianao, behind the Colegio de Belen, where a

#### 104-10194-10014
**CIA** · Document date not identified · Source: [104-10194-10014.md](<https://github.com/doctly/jfk/blob/main/jfk_files_md/104-101/104-10194-10014.md>)

Excerpt (+/-300 characters around match):

> IAL POSITION TITLE
>
> SS Security Officer
>
> 7. OFF/DIV/BR OF ASSIGNMENT
>
> OS/IOS/OSD/OC
>
> 8. CAREER STAFF STATUS
>
> NOT ELIGIBLE X MEMBER DEFERRED
>
> PENDING DECLINED DENIED
>
> 9. TYPE OF REPORT
>
> INITIAL REASSIGNMENT/SUPERVISOR
>
> X ANNUAL REASSIGNMENT EMPLOYEE
>
> 10. DATE REPORT QUE IN O.P. 11. REPORTING PERIOD
>
> 30 April 62 March 61 - March 62
>
> SPECIAL (Specify)
>
> ## SECTION B EVALUATION OF PERFORMANCE OF SPECIFIC DUTIES
>
> List up to six of the most important specific duties performed during the rating period. Insert rating number which best describes the manner in which employee performs EACH specific duty. Consider ON

#### 104-10224-10007
**CIA** · Document date not identified · Source: [104-10224-10007.md](<https://github.com/doctly/jfk/blob/main/jfk_files_md/104-102/104-10224-10007.md>)

Excerpt (+/-300 characters around match):

> OF BIRTH: 1 March 1926
>
> 5. SEX: M
>
> 9. OFF/DIV/BR OF ASSIGNMENT: DDP/AF/East/Addis Ababa
>
> EMPLOYEE SERIAL NUMBER: 012773
>
> 4. GRADE: GS-14
>
> CAREER STAFF STATUS:
>
> NOT ELIGIBLE
>
> CAREER STAFF STATUS:
>
> MEMBER
>
> TYPE OF REPORT:
> X ANNUAL
>
> TYPE OF APPOINTMENT:
>
> ASSIGNMENT/SUPERVISOR
>
> DATE REPORT DUE IN D.C.: 30 April 1962
>
> REPORTING PERIOD: Mar-61 - 31 Mar 62
>
> SECTION B EVALUATION OF PERFORMANCE OF SPECIFIC DUTIES
>
> List up to six of the most important specific duties performed during the rating period. Insert rating number which best describes the manner in which employee performs EACH specific duty. Consider ONLY e

#### 104-10291-10001
**CIA** · Document date not identified · Source: [104-10291-10001.md](<https://github.com/doctly/jfk/blob/main/jfk_files_md/104-102/104-10291-10001.md>)

Excerpt (+/-300 characters around match):

> 2. DATE OF BIRTH
>
> 16 June 1921
>
> 3. SEX
>
> Molo
>
> 4. GRADE
>
> OS-13
>
> 5. SERVICE DESIGNATION 8. OFFICIAL POSITION TITLE
>
> Operations Officer
>
> 7. OFF/DIV/BR OF ASSIGNMENT
>
> DDP/WH/1
>
> 8. CAREER STAFF STATUS
>
> TYPE OF REPORT
>
> XX REASSIGNMENT/SUPERVISOR
>
> 10. DATE REPORT DUE IN O.P.
>
> 11. REPORTING PERIOD 1 Jan 62-30 Apr 62
>
> # SECTION B EVALUATION OF PERFORMANCE OF SPECIFIC DUTIES
>
> List up to six of the most important specific duties performed during the rating period. Insert rating number which best describes the manner in which employee performs EACH specific duty. Consider ONLY effectiveness in performance of that

---

*7 references from 7 documents in the 2025 NARA JFK release.*
